[DNDBeyond Sheet](https://www.dndbeyond.com/characters/73910822/JH7NqD)
[[Rastmont]]

Chamber once lived in the mountains among the Goliathan tribes, raised within a noble clan. One day, an unknown group of travelers arrive at the tribe gates seeking asylum. They appeared to have advanced technology but Chamber's father, in his graciousness and willingness to help others, allowed to them to stay with them for refuge. That night, taking advantage of the situation in which most of the tribe were asleep, the travelers unleash an assault with new age firearms. They razed the village and killed whoever was foolish enough to stay. In the last moments of the assault, the leader of the assaulters turned to Chamber's father with his gun. Time slowed. This moment was critical. Chamber had found one of the assaulters gun on the ground. He pointed it at the savage. Click. A blinding flash of gunpowder followed by a deafening boom. Chamber's hand split at the seams, charred and filled with wooden and metal shrapnel. He looked helplessly on as his father is killed in front of him. Not a moment after, the leader wounds him mortally. In his dying moments, in the tunneling darkness they see a flame call out to him, asking him to become a disciple to punish evildoers in exchange for his resurrection. He agrees. Alive again, gasping for air, he looks down upon the broken gun in front him. He picks up the remnants of the weapon, his father's heirloom dagger, and his mother's necklace. These were the proof of his nobility, and furthermore, his new resolution to [[Elihu, The Comforting Fire]].

Years later, Chamber still keeps his father's blade close to his side. It has slayed many monsters and continues to keep his father's memory warm. However, it usually stays in its sheath. His main instrument for protection is holstered at his left hip. His pistol, reborn as he was: Headhunter. After many villages from [[Rastmont]] through [[Lowenroar]], he arrives to panicked screaming outside of the hillside village of [[Farnhügel]]. He rushes in, Headhunter in hand. Then he sees it. A slinking creature with pitch black fur and gnarly, glowing, yellowed and bloodied teeth. It's near-death and crippled, but it still slides from rooftop to rooftop, picking up and ravaging the townsfolk as it goes. It slithers towards a woman, jaw unhinged, and feels the force of the ground after several bullets passes through its maw. "Oil, now!" shouts a guard. Several unlit lanters are thrown at the slowly rising beast. Without needing a command, Chamber helps the woman up. "It's running away!" screams another guard. Chamber does not look back, the woman's safety is paramount. After merely seconds, you hear a disgruntled and confused moan. "It's gone..." They can't feel the ground move, but Chamber does. He turns, points his weapon at the clouds. Before the slinker can tear the goliath apart, it is pierced and set ablaze with Headhunter's final round. After assisting the village, Chamber is warmly welcomed. He finds shelter in the woman's house, as well as her friendship. Her name is [[Juniper Helsing]]. She invites him to travel to Ingyo and visit her brother together. Clutching the memory of his parents, he accepts. There is more people to protect in the world.

[[Farnhügel]]
[[Juniper Helsing]]