# The Last Chinatown: Part One
*04/14/2024*
"Before 1955, the Mist hadn't really settled in yet. It was there, but it was weak. You could call Santa Cruz the City of Rifts at the time. You won't find any remains of it now though. Icarus made sure of that.
Icarus was born with his wings. He could fly whenever he wanted, wherever he wanted. Not that anyone could see him do it, nor would they believe it if they could. Nobody, except for his best friend of course. Nero would watch him fly until he wanted to see the ground again or when they thought their parents would worry about them. Well, until they thought Icarus's parents would worry about them.
Nero's parents were taken to a camp when she was young. Pearl Harbor was just bombed at the time, and people started point fingers at anyone with dark hair and narrow eyes. They were lucky to have been raised in Santa Cruz where there was a large Chinese population, big enough that people minded the difference. She would've been taken too, if Icarus's parents didn't mask her Japanese heritage. So they grew up together underneath the same household. They got close. Maybe that closeness is what killed them.
You see, Icarus and Nero were special. Turns out they had matching mythos, wings and all. They weren't exactly the same, mind you, but they were directly connected. And they weren't the only ones.
In 1955, nine people found each other. Each one with unique traits and personalities, but cut from the same cloth. They figured quick that they were the archangels from biblical stories. The archangels Michael, Uriel, Raguel, Raphael, Sariel, Gabriel, Remiel, and Lucifer. You might be able to tell where this was going, but back when there was a Chinatown in Santa Cruz, no one did.
Destiny. It's a fickle thing believe it or not. Anyone's destiny can be molded and broken if you play your cards right. The problem is, you don't know if that's just the thing that will bring destiny about. Whether they liked it or not, betrayal was in the cards.
You can call it a prophecy. You can call it a bluff. But they all believed, that one of them was going to turn against them all and only one of them was going to live. They couldn't believe it when they heard it. If only they were sleepers, so that maybe they could forget that they did. They were allies. They were friends. So they make a promise, a vow, of loyalty. And then, they continued on as nothing had changed.
Rifts have never been on the same side. As long as there were protagonists in a story, there would be antagonists. Good guys versus bad guys, the archangels thought. They fought the corrupt, the evil, the wicked, and all the while met kind and strong people along the way. They had a good thing going. They all thought it could keep going forever. All but one. For you see, the gears were turning. The seed of doubt had sprouted. Maybe she couldn't stop destiny, but maybe she could shape it.
Everyone thought it was just "the thing that distracts you". It fit the bill, and it was there. School got harder, work got harder, life got harder. You fail a class, you take another. You lose a job, you find another. What's one bad fever if you have lives to save? Then, Phillip's grandma was murdered in her medicine shop."

# New Chinatown
"Santa Cruz's University of California was being built in 1964. While the construction crew was building upwards, they were also building downwards. Levels under levels, deep underneath. A place where no one would find them. The last residents of New Chinatown.
In order to protect themselves, they needed the power to do so. So, an agreement between the New Chinatown and the Mist. The Gatekeepers were established."