**Part One: Cecil**
Ludmire Helsing had always loved plants. Abram Redfeather had always loved animals. From a young age they would share texts and drawings of their new and favorite findings. As they grew older, they no longer had to rely on crude pictures. They would show each other the plants they raised or the creatures they tamed. During their academy years, no longer did they discover species. Instead, they created them.

For their academy thesis, they wanted to combine plants and animals to create something in between. If they had succeeded, they would be the first to accomplish such a feat. Ludmire attempted to combine the essense of slugs, rats, and roses. He wanted to make a potted flower that could be used for decoration and waste disposal. Abram attempted to combine the essense of belladonnas, snakes, and bats. He wanted to make a weapon that could be easily contained, fed, and most importantly, could clear a whole building during the night. Biochemical genius and arcane manipulation were necessary of course, but even more vital was each other's respective expertise. After completing their thesis, they received their certificates and plenty of praise from their mentors and their peers. Of course, the academy forbid the future creation of weaponized creatures, but Abram was more than happy to comply.

The next week at the Redfeather estate, Ludmire brought his younger sister Juniper, again as always, to finally celebrate by themselves and enjoy each other's company. The three admired Abram's child in its glass case, and later, the two boys left Abram's room to see the other animals. Of course, the deadly creature, who was lovingly named Cecil was harmless. Abram would never create something so dangerous if it could not be tamed. Cecil knew better than to harm a person. However, Juniper did not share its rationality. Despite all the warnings from her brother and her best friend, her hand unbolted the lock and reached towards the animal as Cecil backed into a corner. The creature had no eyes to show fear and no brow to show worry, but Juniper could sense something even stronger. Loneliness. Empathy overrided all warning and caution at this moment, as she pondered just how it would feel if she could never embrace the people she cherished, if she could never see the beauty of dawn or dusk, or if no one was willing to look deeper into her as a living being. She knew how it felt to be an accessory. Someone who could only watch as the people around them thrived and enjoyed the world in a way they could never understand. "Just one touch. Abram always has an antipoison nearby anyways. I'll be okay," She thought.

Juniper couldn't recall much of that month or even the one after. She couldn't remember writhing on the floor with her eyes rolled to the back of her head, foaming at the mouth and quickly losing all movement. She didn't remember the boys crying as they rushed her to the academy where they could obtain more antipoison. She didn't remember moving in and out of churches and medical practices for weeks. She didn't remember how she wanted to cry when she watched Ludmire feed Cecil to the flowers next to her bed.

When she recovered, her parents said that Ludmire and Abram got into a fight, and that she would never see the latter again. She never knew why.

**Part Two: Reunion**
