# Every beach is a gateway
The places where the land meets the water have supernatural qualities that can transport people to somewhere else. Sometimes, this magical presence even moves beyond the waves and into the city itself. Whether it's a cave or the beams under the board walk, anything resembling a arch can lead wanderers to some place familiar or unfamiliar. Sometimes, even the beach itself is the gateway. These places aren't necessarily static in that the same gateway can transport the user somewhere different. Not only that, but sometimes sleepers or even ordinary citizens can be transported through these gateways.

# The water calls to everyone
A lot of the mystique of Santa Cruz is tied to two things: the people and the environment itself. Spirits and mythical creatures crawl from the places beyond the horizon, people stare at the ocean little longer than they realize, and the waters themselves can even soothe the deepest and darkest or ailments or worries. Whether or not that is the City itself or a legend in its own is unknown.

# The awake might still be sleeping
Even when people have been awakened, they might not realize it. Residents who act and perceive as sleepers do can be manifesting a legend and carrying out its agenda without ever knowing it, warping the city around them. Some aren't attached to a legend at all, but still influence the world in extraordinary ways. Likewise, some legends aren't attached to a rift and might not influence the world at all. That doesn't mean that a bond can't be made between them eventually.

# Santa Cruz is two cities
The Santa Cruz as we know it is the real Santa Cruz, but it is not the only one. There is a place that exists within the mist that has a life of its own. Each one affects the other. The mist acts as a barrier between the two. To be awake is not to be able to cross the line, as everyone does so on a daily basis. It is to perceive and to discern between the two, and thus influence each side at a whim. The mist exists to keep the cities separate in order to protect both. As such, anyone who is not only awake, but aware, are hostile entities to Santa Cruz's thin boundary of peace and normality.

It is also worth noting that the two sides of this city aren't a one-to-one copy. People can pass right through giant monsters, places of magical influence might not influence sleepers at all, and things are still invisible to many rifts. Not every person is waiting to wake up either. Some things are just simply normal, and some things are just simply magical.

# You can leave, but Santa Cruz will call you back
Anyone can leave the city, and in fact every sleeper is free to stay out of the city if they want. But once you cross the fog, there is a small chance that you awaken. Even less so, you become aware. Santa Cruz does its best to contain these people in the city. An important test you can't miss, a hazard that closes the highways, or maybe your significant other calls you up. It tries its best, but it cannot stop everyone. All the mystical, mythical, and fantastical seems to disappear once you leave the city. But you can't stay out for long.