**Name**: Jeraldine (Jerri) Anne Braun
**Age**: 20
**Birthday**: 10/08/2003
**Height**: 5’7

2 years ago: Awakened
1 year ago: met Icarus

Jerri was born to her parents, Matthew and Heather Braun in a small town in the central valley of California. Long before Jerri had been born, her parents joined a religious cult that operated in this small town. The cult was named “Angels of Truth” and they were like an extreme version of Jehovah’s Witnesses. No celebrations of anything ever, including holidays and birthdays, modesty was taken extremely seriously, the only technology used were things like lights and cars, men and women adhered to their traditional gender roles, and everyone was meant to have as many children as possible. The leader, Father Reginald, was the classic cult leader and was very good at pulling people into his sphere of influence.
Jerri was born right in the middle of 5 total children. All of the children were born within a year and a half of each other. The order of Jerri’s siblings goes Abner, Temperance, Jeraldine, Cain, and Abraham. As per growing up in a religious cult, Jerri’s childhood included constantly praying, homeschooling, extreme punishments for even the smallest of transgressions, and being ignored as per middle child standard. A little before her 14th birthday, Jerri went on a quick grocery trip with her mother outside of the cult’s sphere of influence for the first time in her life. This was the beginning of Jerri’s realization that the world was not what she thought and that life in the cult wasn’t great, especially since her parents were looking to get her married in the next four years. 
Jerri started acting out more and started challenging the religion, which was constantly getting her in trouble. At age 15 Jerri started sneaking out with a few other kids in the cult. They would hijack someone’s car and drive into the larger city that was about 30 minutes away and attend ragers thrown by some highschooler whose parents were away for the weekend. She wasn’t in the greatest crowd, but she finally felt free from the oppressive religion that she was forced under. She continued this sneaky life until she was 17, when her parents discovered her secret stash of immodest clothes, alcohol, marijuana, cellphone, and other worldly goods that her parents deemed sinful.
Her parents decided to call Father Reginald for counsel, but Jerri knew that he would have some pretty horrendous ideas that would keep her in this cult forever so she ran. She grabbed her clothes, her cellphone, her birth certificate, and ran. Jerri didn’t look back. She found a homeless shelter to stay at for a few days, then one of the friends she made outside of the cult who has since graduated highschool and has her own apartment in the city offers up her spare room for a few days. Jerri ends up staying there until she turns 18, and in that time she starts working toward getting her driver’s license, gets a real I.D, starts a job and gets her G.E.D. After getting her G.E.D, Jerri applies to University of California, Santa Cruz, and with Financial Aid and a scholarship, is able to afford to go there. Even with her traumatic past with religion, Jerri really likes studying religion and its history, which is what drove her to studying and pursuing archeology. In the last quarter of her first year, Jerri is chosen by Lucifer and becomes his host. I’m not sure how that all goes down but she wakes up the next morning with a terrible headache and an ominous feeling. Over the summer Jerri figures out more about what happened to her and what her abilities are. As she begins to see through the mist, she faces some threats and leans into her abilities more. At the end of her sophomore year she started working at Motiv.